India has many historical sites as well like the Taj Mahal, Golden Temple, Red Fort, etc.

Please allow me to help you.What are you looking for?




Estimated Budget Required To Travel To India: The cost of the trip will vary depending on the activities you do, a week in India usually costs INR 17,000 to 18,000.
So for two people, a week would cost around INR 36,000.
If a couple is planning to travel to India for two weeks, they will spend around Rs 70,000- 72,000 during their India tour.
While the price of food in India may vary, the average cost is INR 500-600 per day. Depending on spending habits, an average meal would cost around Rs 200-300 per person and breakfast would be cheaper than lunch or dinner.


Regions In India, The country can be divided into four distinct regions: North, West, South and East, it is a beautiful destination surrounded by cold mountains, dry deserts, vast plains, hot and humid plateaus vast beaches and tropical islands.



Ayurveda, which is the earliest school of medicine in the world, was born in India thousands of years ago.

Temples and mosques
India is the only country with over 300,000 mosques and 2 million Hindu temples.



Major Celebrations in India, Republic Day,Independence Day, Holi, Baisakhi or Vaisakhi, Eid al-Fitr, Diwali and Christmas.




Tourist Destinations and Places to Visit in India
		From the snow-capped Himalayas to the tropical beaches of Goa, from the wildlife of Assam to the largest tea field of Kerala, there is something new in every corner of this country.
Cities

	    Jammu & Kashmir, Heaven On Earth: Jammu and Kashmir is a beautiful state situated in the northwest of India in the Himalayan cover. From lush green valleys to snow-capped mountains, there is something for everyone in this scenic state. Its natural beauty, rich culture, and exciting activities make it a great place to visit. There are many tourist destinations in Jammu & Kashmir and the state is popular for its traditional handicrafts, apples, and dried fruits. The place offers a breathtaking view to its visitors and introduces a green valley surrounded by deep forest.
		Ladakh, The Land Of High Passes: Ladakh offers breathtaking mountain scenery and a large number of monasteries and temples that are well worth a visit. History buffs will also enjoy visiting the ancient kingdom of Lo Manthang, located in the Mustang district of Ladakh. The landscapes are rugged and varied, with high mountain peaks, fertile valleys, and stark deserts. And, there are plenty of things to do in Ladakh including trekking, biking, and white water rafting.
		Shimla, Queen Of Hills: Shimla is one of the most popular hill stations in India, known for its stunning Himalayan scenery. It is one of the most popular travel destinations in India. Its stunning scenery and cool climate make it a perfect place to escape the heat of the Indian summer. With its stunning natural beauty and rich culture, Shimla hill station attracts visitors from all over the world.
		Delhi, The Heart Of India: Delhi is an ancient city with a rich history, dating back to the Mahabharata era. Over the centuries, it has been ruled by a number of different dynasties, each of which has left its mark on the city. Today, Delhi is a bustling metropolis and one of the most popular destinations in India. There are many places to visit in Delhi, from past sites and temples to modern shopping malls and restaurants.
		Rajasthan, The Land Of Kings: Rajasthan is a land of forts, palaces, deserts and tigers. The vast area in northwest India is one of the most colourful in the country. It is one of the most colourful and culturally rich states in the country. It was once the home of maharajas, their grand palaces and opulent lifestyles. There are plenty of places to visit in Rajasthan, visitors can explore hill forts and hunting lodges from the era of the Rajput kings, marvel at intricately carved temples, wander through pink sandstone cities and visit Ranthambore National Park.
		Sikkim, Indrakil (The Garden Of The War God Indra): Sikkim is known for its natural beauty, with its landscape consisting of tall mountains, glaciers, valleys, and rivers. Located near the borders of Nepal and Bhutan, it is home to a diverse mix of cultures and ethnic communities. Moreover, from snow-capped mountains and mighty rivers to serene lakes and dense evergreen forests, there are a number of places in Sikkim. Some popular destinations include Darjeeling, Gangtok, and Gurudongmar Lake. The state is blessed with natural beauty that is unrivalled by any other state in the country.
		Mumbai, The City Of Dreams: Mumbai, the Hollywood city of India and home to more than 21 million people, is a city rich in culture and history. It’s a place where you can witness the ancient and the modern coexist side by side. If you’re looking for an adventure, or simply want to experience another side of India.
		Goa,Pearl Of The Orient: Goa is one of the most beautiful and sought-after destinations in India. From its stunning beaches to its lush forests, there are many things to see and do in Goa. If you’re looking for a place to relax and soak up some sun, Goa’s beaches are definitely worth a visit. If you’re looking for something more adventurous, you can head to one of the state’s many national parks or wildlife sanctuaries. No matter what you’re into, Goa has something for you.
		Bangalore,Silicon Valley Of India: Bangalore, officially known as Bengaluru, has a population of over 10 million and is one of the most cosmopolitan and culturally diverse cities in India. It is also one of the most important industrial and commercial hubs in the country. Bangalore is a city located in the southern Indian state of Karnataka.
		Ooty,A Scenic Hill Town: Ooty is one of the most popular destinations in India. It is a hill station located in the Nilgiri Hills in Tamil Nadu. The place is well known for its natural beauty and pleasant climate. Ooty also has a lot of attractions such as the Ooty Lake, Dodabetta Peak, Thread Garden, Rose Garden, and others. It contains many colonial-era bungalows and churches, as well as hiking trails and a botanical garden. All these places are very beautiful and worth visiting.

The best season and time to visit India is during the winter season from October through March. This is when the weather is most pleasant, with moderate temperatures and little rain, is the best time to explore the country of India.


Clothes to carry while travelling to India, While travelling to India, it is essential that you carry light clothes for summer. It is advisable to pack a sweater or jacket for the winter. And if you are travelling to the southern part of India in the month of August or September, pack a raincoat along with your clothes.


India is safe country to travel with children, Traveling with kids can be both exciting and enjoyable, especially when travelling to another country. India is considered safe for tourists and visitors with children, you need not worry about the safety and facilities of children while travelling to India.



Pay by credit card in India, In India, you can use credit cards to pay for hotels, restaurants, and other businesses that accept them. The most accepted credit cards are MasterCard and Visa. American Express is accepted by major hotels and restaurants.


National currency, The Indian Rupee (INR) is the National Currency. Currency exchange is possible at ATMs and Banks that abound in cities but may be difficult to find in small towns, hill stations, or villages.



Communicate with local people in India, It’s easy to find a group of locals who can speak at least basic English in India, or you can hire a tourism travel guide during your vacation.


Major international airports located in India, India has a maximum of 35 international airports serving both international and domestic flights. Some of the major international airports are located in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chandigarh, Kolkata, Goa etc.


Visa requirements for tourists visiting India, Apart from a valid passport and return tickets, travellers need an Indian visa to enter the country. Electronic visas also come in handy for short recreational trips.


Medical precautions before visiting India, it is important to take medical precautions before travelling to India, this will help you have a comfortable journey for your holidays in India. Also, if you are suffering from any disease then it is essential to go through the travel guidelines before planning your trip.


Things to Buy in India
		Traditional Indian paintings,
		Art and Crafts
		Authentic Indian curry powder/Pickles
		Popular Indian Tea
		Assam silk, Sarees and kurtas from West Bengal 
		Kondapalli toys
		Kashmiri carpets and Pashmina shawls
		Natural Ayurvedic Products
		Spices and Herbs from Spice Capital of India
		Leather products from the Leather City of India
		Rajasthani Jewellery/tribal jewellery
		Karnataka Sandalwood carvings
		Punjabi Jutti (footwear)








